1) Read the following students' details in a file.

Student Name: First Name, Middle Name, Last Name

USN

Read subject details: Subject name, Subject Code

Six subject details following given format: Sub (IA1), Sub (IA2), Sub (IA3), Assignment Marks, Sub (Ext)

Lab Subjects Marks: Lab IA, Continuous Evaluation Marks

Fees per year

Mentor name

Perform the following operations:

a) Find whether a student belongs to our college or not.

b) Find the best of two IA marks and average of the same.

c) Find subject is IPCC/Normal Subject/Normal Subject+Lab

d) If the subject is IPCC check, the student got minimum marks in lab and subject; if not then display student is not eligible to appear for the main exam. Minimum passing percentage in lab and theory is 40% of the maximum marks.

e) Check if the student got minimum marks or not in the normal subject and lab; if not then display student is not eligible to appear for the main exam. Similarly for plain subjects too.

f) Find number of students passed and failed in each subject.

g) Find top 3 toppers in each subject.

h) Find top 3 toppers of a class.

i) Find the number of students who failed in one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight etc subjects and display student details based on the number of subjects failed.

j) Find number of students passed and failed in each subject and all subjects.

k) Find number of distinctions, first class, second class and pass students per subject and in all subjects. Display student details as per the grade.

l) Find students paid college fees or not; if not show the balance. If a fee is pending then ask the student to meet a mentor by specifying the mentor name to the student.

m) Display student branch.

n) Find number of students not appeared for the first IA, second IA, third IA individually.

o) Find number of students not submitted assignments w.r.t. each subject. Total number of students not submitted assignments in all subjects.